Hello, Daddy pig speaking.
Monsieur pig, comment allez-vous?
Oh. Something is wrong with the phone.
You see, the phone is talking nonsense.
That was Monsieur Donkey,
he was speaking French.
Ha, I thought as much.
Mummy, what did monsieur Donkey say?
He asked if little
Delphine Donkey could visit us.
Oh goody.
Delphine Donkey is Peppa’s
very special friend from France.
Delphine’s coming to
practice talking English with us.
Hooray~
We’d better hurry.
Delphine’s train is arriving any minute.
Last stop, all change.
That’s Delphine’s train!
Delphine!
Bonjour!
“Bonjour” means “Hello” in French.
Bonjour~
Bonjour.
Bonjour Mr. Donkey.
My goodness,
is that huge case for Delphine?
Yes, Delphine has brought
a few little things for her visit.
Things you do not have over here
cheese, bread, tomatoes, water…
Au revoir, Delphine. I’ll be back
to pick you up tomorrow night.
Where should I put Delphine’s luggage?
In my room, at the very top of the house.
Oh.
And this luggage
is for one night stay?
Oh yes, that is why
I only pack a little bag.
Oh.
Now, Delphine is here
to practice talking English,
so we must all help her.
Yes, mummy.
First, I must say sorry,
I do not speak English very well.
You don’t speak too badly.
You are very kind, Monsieur Pig.
But may I ask you a
question about talking English?
Of course, I am an
expert at taking. Ask away.
Are English split infinitives a form
of irregular verb, or past pronoun?
Uh…
Actually it’s quite late,
shall we set up Delphine’s bed?
Mummy, mummy, can Delphine sleep
in my bed, with a pillow at each end?
Good idea, Peppa.
Peppa and Delphine are
sleeping at each end of the same bed.
Now children, try to go to sleep.
You’ll get a busy day tomorrow
Delphine is visiting your play group.
aWow.Dormez bien.
Dormez bien is French for “sleep well”
I’m not sleepy at all.
Let’s sing a little song to make us sleepy.
Yes.
Delphine’s pretty French
song has sent everyone to sleep.
Delphine has come to Peppa’s play group.
Madame Gazelle, this is my
French friend- Delphine Donkey.
Bonjour.
Ah, bonjour Delphine.
Delphine sang a pretty French song last
night. Can we teach her an English song?
How about “The Bing-bong Song”?
Yes, sing me this “Bing-bong song”.
It would be good for my English.
Ok. Wu~~
Good, I have learnt lots of English words.